docs: re-organize service and node lookups for Consul Enterprise (#14389)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/discovery/dns.mdx

### Node Lookups for Consul Enterprise <EnterpriseAlert inline />

> For node lookups, only the partition and datacenter need to be specified as part of the DNS query, as nodes cannot be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For node lookups, only the partition and datacenter must be specified as part of the DNS query. This is because nodes cannot be
```

registered on, enabling clients to avoid relying on well-known ports. SRV records are
only served if the client specifically requests them.

> ### Service Lookups for Consul Enterprise <EnterpriseAlert inline />

Reviewer 2: I feel like this should either be:
- Above the prepared query lookups (so below the `.service` lookups), OR
- After all the lookups (including `.connect`, `.virtual`, `.ingress`)

That said, I don't think there's a perfect solution here. This isn't a strongly held belief. What are your thoughts on whether this chunk should stay here, or move to one of the other places suggested above?

Author: If I were to pick between the two, I would put this before prepared query lookups. After .ingress is burying it too deep.

Author: Ok done.

By default, all service lookups use the `default` namespace
within the partition and datacenter of the Consul agent that received the DNS query.

Use the following query format to specify a namespace, partition, and/or datacenter
for all service lookup types except `.query`,
including `.service`, `.connect`, `.virtual`, and `.ingress`.
At least two of those three fields (`namespace`, `partition`, `datacenter`)
must be specified.
```text
[<tag>.]<service>.service.<namespace>.ns.<partition>.ap.<datacenter>.dc.<domain>
```

Consul server agents are in the `default` partition.
If DNS queries are addressed to Consul server agents,

> services lookups to non-`default` partitions must explicitly specify

Reviewer 2: Sorry - I injected a small mistake here 🤦 

```suggestion
service lookups to non-`default` partitions must explicitly specify
```

The virtual IP is also added to the service's [Tagged Addresses](/docs/discovery/services#tagged-addresses)
under the `consul-virtual` tag.
 
### Service Virtual IP Lookups for Consul Enterprise <EnterpriseAlert inline />

Consul Enterprise supports resolving namespaced and partitioned services via DNS.
The DNS server in Consul Enterprise can resolve services assigned to namespaces and partitions.
The DNS server can also resolve nodes assigned to partitions.
To maintain backwards compatibility existing queries can be used and these will
resolve services within the `default` namespace and partition. However, for resolving
services from other namespaces or partitions the following form can be used:

```text
[<tag>.]<service>.service.<namespace>.ns.<partition>.ap.<datacenter>.dc.<domain>
```

This sequence is the canonical naming convention of a Consul Enterprise service. At least two of the following
fields must be present:
* `namespace`
* `partition`
* `datacenter`
  
For imported lookups, only the namespace and peer need to be specified as the partition can be inferred from the peering:

```text
<service>.virtual[.<namespace>].<peer>.<domain>

> ```

Reviewer 2: Paired with the above recommendation, consider adding this to the bottom of the "Service Lookups" section:

````
### Service Lookups for Consul Enterprise <EnterpriseAlert inline />

By default, all service lookups use the `default` namespace
within the partition and datacenter of the Consul agent that received the DNS query.

Use the following query format to specify a namespace, partition, and/or datacenter
for a service lookup.
At least two of those three fields (`namespace`, `partition`, `datacenter`)
must be specified.
```text
[<tag>.]<service>.service.<namespace>.ns.<partition>.ap.<datacenter>.dc.<domain>
```

Consul server agents are in the `default` partition.
If DNS queries are addressed to Consul server agents,
services lookups to non-`default` partitions must explicitly specify
the partition of the target service.

To lookup services imported from a cluster peer,
use a [service virtual IP lookups for Consul Enterprise](#service-virtual-ip-lookups-for-consul-enterprise) instead.
````

The virtual IP is also added to the service's [Tagged Addresses](/docs/discovery/services#tagged-addresses)
under the `consul-virtual` tag.
 

> ### Service Virtual IP Lookups for Consul Enterprise <EnterpriseAlert inline />

Reviewer 2: I think this should be demoted one level (since it's inside of the "Service Virtual IP Lookups" section at level `###`

```suggestion
#### Service Virtual IP Lookups for Consul Enterprise <EnterpriseAlert inline />
```
